yo hey guys this is just going to be a
quick video update but there's a few
catastrophes going on and i'm sure
everyone wants answers for them the
first one is have you announced the
winner to the teddy bear contest and the
second one is what happened to all your
videos but before I answer those two
questions I kind of want to give you
guys an update on my life what happened
this previous month was a fashion show
though was going on in April all of last
March actually I had to create 10 looks
which is not ten garments it was about
20 pieces that I hadn't put together and
the fashion show was actually this
previous week and it was amazing and it
just completely made me realize how much
I love fashion and how much I want to be
a part of that ambiance and a part of
that environment another update is that
Texan has finally gotten tired of my
fabric laying around the living room my
pins all over the ground so at the end
of april i am moving into a bigger
apartment i'm super excited because this
is going to be my first apartment that
has a lot of storage space and i have a
lot of junk for some odd reason so once
april is over with and i'm finally moved
in and settled in my parents are going
to come visit i am super excited about
their visits but the problem is my mom
is just so picky and so finicky about
everything after may though i am
planning to go to a con the anime
convention or the cosplay convention
over in Dallas at the sheraton hotels i
think if anyone has ever been to an
anime convention or anything before
please give me kind of like a guide on
how to or what to do and what not to do
i have never been to an
make invention before this is going to
be my first time I'm extremely excited I
can't wait to see all the cool costumes
all the events everything that's going
on so you guys have any comment on it if
you ever went to one what I should
expect please comment below once Judas
done it over with in july i am going to
see Lady Gaga textin is actually going
with me so he bought the tickets nice
surprise to me so I'm just so happy so
stoked about that in August we were
planning to do a group cruise with all
of his buddies and tell my lady friends
we'll see how that goes if it doesn't
work out we're thinking about going to
seattle for the longest time we wanted
to go to Seattle I have no idea why but
we just want it to go so bad another big
news is that in dude I am going to start
classes I have been rolled into acting
only two courses and fashion design gosh
I can't wait to go to class can't wait
to be in sweats again I can't wait to
have pen to paper I just ah so excited I
aside for me being totally geeky I have
two other huge news that I just want to
block just kind of purge out at you guys
but I can't say anything yet that's what
I've been trying to busy myself with a
little secret plan haha so are you guys
I thought of the bragging yet I'm just
so happy I am sure you guys are excited
too
one of the teddy teddy bear contest and
the winner is Kathleen Wynne yay and yes
I did delete my videos and I did it
because of a personal reason and the big
personal problem is I sometime become
really anal retentive about things
lately the lighting on my videos has
been a lot better but it has been a lot
cleaner and I want all of my videos to
reflect that I do plan on redoing all
those videos and re uploading them again
one last note you guys remember that
contest i did for felica calm while I
Nemo finalist so if you guys want go
ahead and go to that website it's gonna
be in the description box down below now
and not on the side of course I'm going
to tell you to vote for me but of course
you know I have to be fair i do believe
and being fair and not playing out of
popularity so me please all for me yeah
just definitely go enjoy the other video
since he had two dead and just vote for
the one that you think is worthy of your
vote so I guess that's all the updates
that's going on um looking forward to
the summer going to be super busy oh
it's um soy sauce on wanton goddamn
annoying piece